[audio playing...]
You have the power to decide to dive to
realize and recognize Ukraine's rich and
interesting culture. You ask us why been
cheerful? He has done no harm. But we
need to rethink the narrative,
then which is political, and we must
reclaim our context and history with
words.
It's Russia's war against Ukraine, not a
conflict. 24th of February is when the
full scale invasion began, not when the
worst started. It's Ukraine, not the
Ukraine. We are a country not a
territorial fresh. Our capital is key if
not key.
We are replacing Russian streets names
and monuments for Ukrainian Tolstoy for
less Ukraine. The steps can Pushkin for
the destruction can demand Franco and
even as our libraries are bumped, and
our books are burned 178 new publishing
houses have been established in Ukraine
is writers like Victoria Melina
contemplate the power works.
[audio playing...]
I am a writer and I moved from fiction
to nonfiction. because war is a time to
listen to people's stories.
And it's not like there is a need to
make things up. The reality is so much
more intense.
I'm writing a book called War and
justice diary, looking at women looking
at war and also telling my story of how
I turned into a war crimes researcher.
Because when the full scale invasion
began, HFS searched for a new role. And
after a few months, I started to travel
across Ukraine, documenting war crimes.
Mainly this work includes going into the
affected areas finding witnesses,
survivors, and recording their
testimonies.
I recorded the testimonies of the
parents for the dinner for cooling call
the well known poet and children's
writer. On March 24, he was taken from
his house in the ASEAN region, where he
had stayed with his son volunteering.
Since then, his family hadn't seen him.
In November, we finally got a
confirmation that he was one of those
whose bodies were discovered in the mass
grave.
I found his war diary, the diary he had
written during the occupation of his
village.
He had hidden it in the garden right
before his abduction.
And when he hit it, He taught his father
when our guys come give it to them. He
didn't say if our guys come, he said
when he was completely sure that Ukraine
would prevail.
This diary shows incredible resilience,
faith and hope, because of her demeanor
as it were the description of birds
flying over his village.
And from this, we can imagine that it's
already the second half of March in the
spring is coming.
Voldemort was invaded by the village. He
had already experienced searches of his
home threads had been taken and beaten.
And still he writes those words, that it
seems to him that the birds are singing,
and everything will be Ukraine, I
believe in victory.
I met with him briefly. And you know, he
was always very active. He felt he
needed to be at my done in 2014. And
really, he was quite severely wonder
there. He wanted to make history and he
did make history.
But of course it has come with a price.
You know, for a long time I believe that
empathy is endless. Like how Shakespeare
wrote, love is endless. The more you
love, the more you have. But in fact,
I've learned that it has some limits.
Why should I feel empathy for Russians,
when I have to work as a war crimes
researcher, and I'm sitting in front of
parents who lost their child.
I'm sure there will be reconciliation,
just not now. From now, we need to make
space Finally, for Ukrainian writers,
artists, composers, heroes. It's about
power bands. It's not a coincidence that
countries that are on word empires also
promote that they have great cultures.
That's why it's very important to hear
different voices, it is time to let
Ukrainians speak
they give us Z and we give them control
Z or Command Z, controlled saw, balanced
by a clown cult of each personality, and
therefore have none. poems are quite
mute, complex, meaningless, empty.
Because if the story then it's bullshit,
because of allegory, then it's nonsense.
Because if hyper bowl then at once, it's
a rocket and a bomb emoji, because if
understatement, then it never existed.
I wrote in advance, as if it was word
under the bridge, from the first sound
to hear, to see from the first glance,
to know on the first try.
Until then, I won't accept God. Until
then, I won't accept glitches, fear
frosted the soul, scarred the flesh, if
the game is foul, choose to be the
rules.
Soon, everything will be rich here
versus clothing for everyone who ever
lived has already been so they give us
said we give them controls, or commands.
Controlled sa balanced by a Cloud
Cult of each personality and therefore
have none. poems are quite new, complex,
meaningless, empty.
Because if the story then it's bullshit.
Because if allegory that it's nonsense,
because if hyper bowl then at once, it's
a rocket and a bomb emoji, because if
understatement then it never existed.
I wrote in advance as if it was word
under the bridge, and the first sound to
hear to see from the first glance to
know on the first try.
Until then, I won't accept God. Until
then, I won't accept glitches.
Fear frosted, the soul, scarred the
flesh. If the game is foul, choose to be
the rules.
Soon, everything will be rich hit versus
clothing for everyone who ever lived has
already been saved.
[music playing...]